README.md, before:

# tson
`tson` is JSON viewer and editor written in Go.
This tool displays JSON as a tree and you can search and edit key or values.

![](https://i.imgur.com/pWVVfd6.gif)

## Support OS
- Mac
- Linux

## Installation
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/skanehira/tson
$ cd tson && go install
```

## Usage
```sh
# from file
$ tson < test.json

# from pipe
$ curl -X POST http://gorilla/likes/regist | tson

# from url(only can use http get mthod)
$ tson -url http://gorilla/likes/json
```

## Keybinding
### JSON tree

| key    | description         |
|--------|---------------------|
| j      | move down           |
| k      | move up             |
| g      | move to the top     |
| G      | move to the bottom  |
| ctrl-f | page up             |
| ctrl-b | page down           |
| h      | hide current node   |
| H      | collaspe all nodes  |
| l      | expand current node |
| L      | expand all nodes    |
| r      | read from file      |
| s      | save to file        |
| a      | add new node        |
| Enter  | edit node           |
| /      | search nodes        |

## About editing nodes
When editing a node value, the JSON value type is determined based on the value.
For example, after inputed `10.5` and saving the JSON to a file, it will be output as a float type `10.5`.
If the value sorround with `"`, it will be output as string type always.
The following is a list of conversion rules.

| input value        | json type |
|--------------------|-----------|
| `gorilla`          | string    |
| `10.5`             | float     |
| `5`                | int       |
| `true` or `false`  | boolean   |
| `null`             | null      |
| `"10"` or `"true"` | string    |

## About adding new node
You can use `a` to add new node with raw json string.

For expample, you have following tree.

```
{array} <- your cursor in there
├──a
├──b
└──c
```

If you input `{"name":"gorilla"}` and press add button,
then you will get new tree as following.

```
{array} <- your cursor in there
├──a
├──b
├──c
└──{object}
   └──name
      └──gorilla
```

# Author
skanehira

Commit message:

update readme about add value

README.md, after:

# tson
`tson` is JSON viewer and editor written in Go.
This tool displays JSON as a tree and you can search and edit key or values.

![](https://i.imgur.com/pWVVfd6.gif)

## Support OS
- Mac
- Linux

## Installation
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/skanehira/tson
$ cd tson && go install
```

## Usage
```sh
# from file
$ tson < test.json

# from pipe
$ curl -X POST http://gorilla/likes/regist | tson

# from url(only can use http get mthod)
$ tson -url http://gorilla/likes/json
```

## Keybinding
### JSON tree

| key    | description         |
|--------|---------------------|
| j      | move down           |
| k      | move up             |
| g      | move to the top     |
| G      | move to the bottom  |
| ctrl-f | page up             |
| ctrl-b | page down           |
| h      | hide current node   |
| H      | collaspe all nodes  |
| l      | expand current node |
| L      | expand all nodes    |
| r      | read from file      |
| s      | save to file        |
| a      | add new node        |
| A      | add new value       |
| Enter  | edit node           |
| /      | search nodes        |

## About editing nodes
When editing a node value, the JSON value type is determined based on the value.
For example, after inputed `10.5` and saving the JSON to a file, it will be output as a float type `10.5`.
If the value sorround with `"`, it will be output as string type always.
The following is a list of conversion rules.

| input value        | json type |
|--------------------|-----------|
| `gorilla`          | string    |
| `10.5`             | float     |
| `5`                | int       |
| `true` or `false`  | boolean   |
| `null`             | null      |
| `"10"` or `"true"` | string    |

## About adding new node
You can use `a` to add new node with raw json string.

For expample, you have following tree.

```
{array} <- your cursor in there
├──a
├──b
└──c
```

If you input `{"name":"gorilla"}` and press add button,
then you will get new tree as following.

```
{array} <- your cursor in there
├──a
├──b
├──c
└──{object}
   └──name
      └──gorilla
```

Also, You can use `A` to add new value to current node.

For example, you have following tree.

```
{object} <- your cursor in there
└──name
   └──gorilla
```

If you input `{"age": 26}` and press add button,
then you will get new tree as following.

```
{object} <- your cursor in there
├──name
│  └──gorilla
└──age
   └──26
```

# Author
skanehira
